# Happy Hacker's Keyboard

Over the years, I've spent a lot of time working on a lot of different hardware configurations. I've tried all sorts of keyboards, mice, displays, and other peripherals. I've gone through phases of using different setups for different tasks, but I've always come back to a few key pieces of hardware that I just can't seem to live without.

## The Mouse

Not highly important to me. Just get a good one, preferrably a gaming mouse.

I'm currently using the [Logitech MX Master 3S](https://amzn.to/3Ax4dGn). It's a great mouse, but I'm not particularly attached to it. I've used a lot of different mice over the years, and I've never really found one that I absolutely love.

## The Keyboard

After a long hiatus, I'm happy to share that I'm typing this on a [Happy Hacker's Keyboard](https://amzn.to/3yMK9zi), like I used to for many years. I'm not really sure what compelled me to ditch it in the first place, but I'm glad to be back. There are a few different models available, and I chose the modern version of the one I used to have.

This keyboard uses Topre switches, which are a bit different from the Cherry MX switches that are so popular these days. They're a bit quieter and have a unique feel that I find very satisfying.

Some would argue that they're the best switches out there, and I'm inclined to agree.

## The Display

I'm also using a [5K Apple Studio Display](https://amzn.to/3SW2TTH), which is a new addition to my setup. It's a bit of a change from the 15" MacBook Pro display I've been using, but I'm heavily enjoying the extra screen real estate.

The display is a joy to work with, thanks to its incredible resolution and color accuracy. I'm able to see every detail in my code and designs, which has made my workflow much more efficient and enjoyable. The anti-reflective coating and true-tone technology also make it easy on the eyes, even after long hours of use.

----

I was able to build this website quickly because of the new setup.

This keyboard is such a joy to type on. I've tried many other keyboards, but
none of them have the same feel as the HHKB. I'm so happy to be back.

---

Just wanted to share. Have a great day!
